BankTest/README.md, before:

# Virtual Bank Teller

A system for managing and displaying deposits to and withdrawals from a bank account.

## Description

This programme allows for a user to make deposits into and withdrawals from a bank account, and to print an itemised receipt of transactions to the console. These transactions are recorded as Javascript objects with a date, credit/debit amounts and a running balance.

The system throws an error if either a) a deposit or withdrawal is attempted with an non-Integer input (eg. a string) or b) an attempted withdrawal exceeds the balance of the account.

Tests reflect the essential read/update functionalities and related error-handling. I have used logSpy to assert on the presence of the formatted receipt, as the receipt formatting method prints the receipt to the console.

## Getting Started

### Dependencies

- Node.js
- Jest

### Installing and executing

Firstly, fork this repository and navigate to the local directory from where you would like to run the programme.

```
git clone

npm install
```

This will install dependencies in the package.json (the only one of note is Jest, for testing)

This programme runs in the command line REPL, and was built using Node.

## Author

Cassius Naylor ||
[@Perspicacity11](https://github.com/perspicacity11)

## Version History

* 0.1
    * Initial Release

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License

Commit message:

16. Amended error handling in deposit to accept floating points, test for this passes

BankTest/README.md, after:

# Virtual Bank Teller

A system for managing and displaying deposits to and withdrawals from a bank account.

## Functionality

This programme allows for a user to make deposits into and withdrawals from a bank account, and to print an itemised receipt of transactions to the console. These transactions are recorded as Javascript objects with a date, credit/debit amounts and a running balance.

The system throws an error if either:
a) a deposit or withdrawal is attempted with an non-Integer input (eg. a string), or 
b) an attempted withdrawal exceeds the balance of the account.

Tests reflect the essential read/update functionalities and related error-handling. I have used logSpy to assert on the presence of the formatted receipt, as the receipt formatting method prints the receipt to the console (see example below)

## Approach

I built out the method structure in the attached planning document, starting with a core read/write function for integer deposits and withdrawals. 

With this achieved, I decided to first address attaching a pre-formatted datestamp to the transaction object (absracting the formatting into its own method for reusability), before interpolating that information into the desired pipe-separated string in the final formatting method. 

With all tests passing I then refactored the production code, removing the vestigial balance reader function and condensing the deposit/withdrawal object-construction.



Example input:
```
let testAccount = new BankAccount;
testAccount.deposit(1000)
testAccount.withdraw(500)
testAccount.deposit(250)
testAccount.getReceipt()
```
Example REPL output:
![image](./Screenshot%202023-03-21%20at%2014.21.00.png)

## Getting Started

### Dependencies

- Node.js
- Jest
- ESLint

### Installing and executing

Firstly, fork this repository and navigate to the local directory from where you would like to run the programme.

```
git clone https://github.com/[YOUR GITHUB USERNAME HERE]/MakersWk10-Challenges.git

npm install
```

This will install dependencies in the package.json (namely ESLint, and Jest for testing)

This programme runs in the command line REPL, and was built using Node.

## Author

Cassius Naylor ||
[@Perspicacity11](https://github.com/perspicacity11)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License
